delete URL
(command)
Removes a file or folder|directory from a server, or removes a file from your system.

Syntax:
delete URL {URLtoDelete}
----

Synonyms:
clear url

Params:
URLtoDelete ( ): The URLtoDelete specifies the name and location of the file or directory to delete, in the form of a URL.

Examples:
delete URL "ftp://root:secret-word@mars.example.org/deleteable.txt"
----
delete URL "ftp://me:mine@ftp.example.net/trash/"
----
answer file "Select the file you wish to delete."
put it into tFileToDelete
delete URL ("file:" & tFileToDelete)
----

Description:
Use the delete URL command to remove a file.

You can use a file or binfile URL to delete a file, but not a folder. To remove a folder from your system, use the delete folder command. (You can also use the delete file command to delete a local file.)  This command can also be used to remove files and directories your stack did not create. Of course, a stack should not remove data it didn't create without obtaining explicit confirmation from the user.

Normally, FTP servers do not allow anonymous users to delete files, for obvious reasons. This means that while an ftp URL without a user name and password is valid, you will almost always need a user name and password to use the delete URL command.

*Note:*  When used with an ftp or http URL, the delete URL  command is blocking: that is, the handler pauses until it  is finished deleting the URL. Since deleting a file from a server  may take some time due to network lag, the delete URL command may  take long enough to be noticeable to the user.

*Important:*  The delete URL command is part of the  Internet library on desktop platforms. To ensure that the command  works in a desktop standalone application, you must include this  custom library|custom library when you create your  standalone application|standalone. In the Inclusions pane of the  Standalone Application Settings window, make sure the "Internet"  script library is selected.

*Cross-platform note:* On iOS and Android, delete URL  is implemented in the engine. Therefore the Internet library is not  needed to ensure the command works in a mobile  standalone application. If included, the Internet library  implementation will be used instead of the engine implementation.

 *Cross-platform note:* The HTML5 engine only supports HTTP and HTTPs  protocols.

 *Cross-platform note:* URLs fetched by the HTML5 engine from a domain  other than that of the hosting the page may be blocked by web browsers,  unless the server hosting the URL sets the "Access-Control-Origin" header  appropriately.

Values:
If the file or directory is successfully deleted, the result function is set to empty. Otherwise, the result function returns an error message. *Important:* If a blocking operation involving a URL (using the put command to upload a URL, the post command, the delete URL command, or a statement that gets an ftp or http URL) is going on, no other blocking URL operation can start until the previous one is finished. If you attempt to use a URL in an expression, or put data into a URL, while another blocking URL operation is in progress, the result is set to "Error Previous request not completed". 

OS:
mac,windows,linux,ios,android,html5