Version 0.96, build 202312021209
This adjusts the grab handle in the revMenubar to look more like a grab handle.
this also adds a visual preview of the grab handle in preferences > appearance
Also fixed is a code error in the 'App Browser', (corrects a false logic statement on fld "controls" in "App Browser", line 34)
While still looking at the 'App Browser', it now works out what the link colour should be in a more robust way (tpLinkColours, App Browser > stack script)
Additionally, a fix has been added for the inspector loop condition that can happen in Ubuntu-based linux distros with the inspector palettes.
(I made that fix conditional to detect if the user was in Ubuntu or not)
Corrected a few typos in the Tools Palette (only visible in script), not user-facing
updated the updates stack (confused?) this now removes it from memory when the updates are done
also fixed a bug where the truncated toolbar did not stay truncated if the user toggled 'toolbar icons' / 'toolbar text'
Replaced the LC icon in the Answer and Ask dialogs. Hopefully always shows the OXT icon now if the user forgets to specify one.
Spotted that the 'View' menu > 'Grid' wasn't remembering it's setting between launches, so fixed that
Also tweaked the about text (it contained windows \cr returns), - changed how this loads so it's the same across all platforms.
Added a feature (credit to Richmond here). You can now have custom alert icons in the Ask and Answer dialogs. You just need to have an image called 'appicon.png" in card 1 of your stack.
Added an option in Preferences > Extras to close unnecessary stacks, after the IDE starts 
Fixed geometry resizing bug in revgeometrylibrary.livecodescript
Modified the inspector so that the chances of getting many, many inspectors is greatly lessened.
You can now toggle the revMenubar drag handle on or off without restarting the IDE
Implemented the additional shortcuts in Object menu (card inspector = ctrl J, card script = ctrl shift C, Stack script = ctrl shift S) - Credit to TerryL for this suggestion
started adding a revamped 'all guides' stack (in progress) - can be turned on under Preferences > Dictionary > "Use 'All Guides' experimental stack"
revMenumanager - updated by TerryL, revSetEdited command was causing a blocking error
reportBuilder - suggestion by TerryL to increase the preview window scaling. (tperry: I've added a slider so it can be adjusted 11-12-23)
